For YOLO-v3 model conversion info expanded (#991)
opencv/open_model_zoo: models/public/yolo-v3-tf/yolo-v3-tf.md

## Conversion

1. Download or clone the official [repository](https://github.com/david8862/keras-YOLOv3-model-set) (tested on `ffede5` commit).

> 2. Follow the instructions in README.md file in that repository to get original model (named `yolov3` in repository) and convert it to Keras\* format **OR** follow these steps:

Reviewer: How can there be alternatives? You could have only done one of these when you converted the model.

Reviewer 2: I'd propose to rewrite that as follows:
```suggestion
2. Use the folllowing commands to get original model (named `yolov3` in repository) and convert it to Keras\* format (see details in the [README.md](https://github.com/david8862/keras-YOLOv3-model-set/README.md)  file in the official repository):
```

Author: It is just some main items from repo's README.

Reviewer: > It is just some main items from repo's README.

So why replicate them?

Reviewer: Never mind, I didn't see your changes.

Reviewer: Wait, I'm mistaken. I thought you removed the expanded text. In that case, the question remains.

Author: Because there are several models in the repo, so we just specifying model.
